# ZFO_Distributed-Routing
This repository contains code for the distributed routing test case in the paper "Zeroth-Order Feedback Optimization for Cooperative Multi-Agent Systems". The code is in Matlab.

The "new-test-case" branch contains a new test case of distributed routing.

## File List
- ZFO_one_run.mat: Function that carries out one run of the ZFO algorithm.
- mirror_descent_KL.m: Function for a mirror descent step using KL divergence.
- sample_z.m: Function for generating the perturbation in the zeroth-order gradient estimator.
- eval_obj_routing.m: Function that returns a vector of local objective values.
- main_noiseless.m: Script for the simulation with noiseless function evaluation without knowledge of function dependence.
- main_noisy.m: Script for the simulation with noisy function evaluation without knowledge of function dependence.
- main_dependence_noiseless.m: Script for the simulation with noiseless function evaluation with knowledge of function dependence.
- main_dependence_noisy.m: Script for the simulation with noisy function evaluation with knowledge of function dependence.
- main_centralized_noiseless.m: Script for centralized ZO algorithm with noiseless function evaluation without knowledge of function dependence.
- main_centralized_noisy.m: Script for centralized ZO algorithm with noisy function evaluation without knowledge of function dependence.
- raw_routing_graph_2.mat: Raw data of the test case, including the routing graph, the paths, the traffic of each agent and the cost coefficients.
- gen_routing_aux.m: Script that generates auxiliary quantities from the raw data.
- routing_graph_2.mat: Auxiliary data of the new test case generated by "gen_routing_aux.m".
- get_opt_val.m: Function that computes the optimal value and solution of the test case.
- gen_comm_network.m: Script that generates data of three communication networks.
- comm_network.mat: Data of three communication networks.
